# mysterious carbon-14 spike

The 774–775 carbon-14 spike is an observed increase of around 1.2% in the concentration of the radioactive
carbon-14 isotope in tree rings dated to 774 or 775 CE, which is about 20 times higher than the normal year-to-year
variation of radiocarbon in the atmosphere.
Based on the tree ring date of 774 CE, the actual date would be
(1154 phantom time) - (774 Scaligarian date) = 379
379 + (my estimate for end of cataclysm date 684 B.C.E.) = 1063 B.C.E.
Therefore at some time during the end of the cataclysmic dark age, a mass casualty event occurred on Earth and Mars
that dumped an excess of carbon into the atmosphere.

The event appears to have been global, with the same carbon-14 signal found in tree rings from
Germany, Russia, the United States, Finland, and New Zealand.
Researchers went looking in the wrong year for a known event
that could possibly explain this increases and found this quote from the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle:

> Annus Domini (the year of the Lord) 774. This year the Northumbrians banished their king, Alred,
from York at Easter-tide; and chose Ethelred, the son of Mull, for their lord, who reigned four winters.
This year also appeared in the heavens a red crucifix, after sunset; the Mercians and the men of Kent fought at Otford;
and wonderful serpents were seen in the land of the South-Saxons.

Adding the 'year of our lord' to 774 we get 1774 - the same date as the Rebellion of Pugachev that led directly to the
MudFlood Event. Was this 'red crucifix' in the night sky a sign of the weapon that was being fired from Mars?
