# The Great Plague of 1665

> It began in London in the poor, overcrowded parish of St. Giles - in -the - Field. It started slowly at first but by May of
> 1665, 43 had died. In June, 6, 137 people died, in July, 17, 036 people and at its peak in August, 31, 159 people died.
> In
> all, 15 % of the population perished during that terrible summer. Whole communities were wiped out and corpses littered
> the streets as there was no one left to bury them.

> London at that time was a city of about 448 acres surrounded by a city wall that had originally
> been built to keep out raiding bands, and, in the south, by the River Thames. There were gates in the wall at Ludgate,
> Newgate, Aldersgate, Cripplegate, Moorgate, Bishopsgate and Aldgate, and the Thames was crossable at London
> Bridge.
> In the poorer parts of the city, filled with overcrowded tenements and garrets, hygiene was impossible to maintain.
> There was no sanitation, and open drains flowed along the centre of winding streets. The cobbles were slippery with
  > animal droppings, rubbish and the slops thrown out of the houses; they were muddy and buzzing with flies in summer,
  > and awash with sewage in winter. The City Corporation employed "rakers" to remove the worst of the filth, and it was
> transported to mounds outside the walls, where it accumulated and continued to decompose. The stench was overwhelming,
> and people walked around with handkerchiefs or nosegays pressed against their nostrils. https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Diary_of_Samuel_Pepys/1665/March#March_1st
