# The Rebellion of Pugachev

In 1774, Pugachev's rebellion reached a peak, and claiming to be Peter III and a direct descendant of Christ,
Pugachev was in a position to claim rulership of the *entire Tartarian Empire* and overthrow the foreign House of
Romanov that had ruled the empire since the Oprichnina. Had this happened, Pugachev would have been in a position to
smash the Western European Reformation/Renaissance that threatened the Tartarian empire for so long.
Had he accomplished that, the Russian Tartarian Empire could have returned to its former glory with a vengeance
re-conquering the entire world, and imposing upon it a Second Inquisition that would have erased the
Reformation/Renaissance and Monotheism, and along with them, slavery, usury, and everything else in Pandora's Box.

Pugachev was a giant human, as were much of his army.
He was also Peter the 3rd - Descendant of Christ and actual heir to the Russian throne.
He was not an imposter as the Romanov historians say.
For this reason, he was leading a rebellion of both giants and smaller-sized humans
against the authority of the Romanovs who had seized control of the empire during the bloody Oprichnina.
He was, as the giants always were, the biggest threat to the Church and its doctrine.
This was the 3rd major war between humans and giants.
The first was the Crusade of the early 12th century (See [history/chronology](https://clevertree.github.io/paradigm-threat-files/history/chronology/history/chronology)).
The 2nd was the [Battle of Kulikovo](/content/08.030-giants-are-defeated-at-the-battle-of-kulikovo.md) (1380).
However, in Pugachev's time, giants had their own cannons and were masters of 'guerrilla' warfare.
His rebellion was seen as a threat to all the military religious orders of the world, who were just as likely to
join Pugachev as to fight against him.
