# Russia and Turkey begin 300 years of war

The Deep State knew their plan was fragile and could be ruined if the Romanov Dynasty ever turned against the West.
Furthermore, they feared Turkey and Russia may attempt to reunify on *religious grounds* at some point in the future. To
solve this problem, they turned the two states on each-other by exploiting the religious tensions lingering since the
First Crusade. Wars between Turkey and Russia would last throughout the 300 years of Romanov reign.

In Russia, prior to the Romanovs, Muslims were not persecuted, and likewise the Russian Orthodoxy were not persecuted in
The Ottoman Empire. These regions had experienced centuries of *religious plurality* that would come to an end with the
Romanov wars. Fomenko describes the
[fracturing of religious symbols](https://chronologia.org/en/how_it_was/02_15.html#chr16):

> The crescent moon with a star is an old symbol of Czar-Grad. It owes its origin to the blaze of the star of
> Bethlehem and to the solar eclipse which are associated with the Nativity of Christ and the crucifixion of Andronicus
> Christ. Today the crescent moon with a star is perceived exclusively as a Muslim symbol. However, up until the end of
> the XVII century a crescent moon with a star adorned, for example, the spire of the huge Christian St. Stephen's
> Cathedral in Vienna. The crescent moon was removed from the spire (and replaced with a cross) only in 1685.

However, before the Russian Empire was ever formed, this same symbol was seen in many
[ancient religions](https://steemit.com/history/@mand/history-of-the-star-and-crescent) representing planet Venus as an
8 pointed star fixed at the North Pole, and Saturn behind it as a crescent lit by the Sun during
the [Golden Age](https://clevertree.github.io/paradigm-threat-files/history/chronology/#the-golden-age). Ultimately, this symbol represents the moment Deep State Monotheism was cleverly
assimilated into Gnostic Christianity forming the Judeo-Christian religions we know today.
